[Music]
Good morning Welcome to a new video
So this time it will be a different video it
won't be the same old vlog but I
wanted to shoot the kitchen tour
because so many people asked me to do it
Anyway I had already done it except it
was at  I'm starting right when when I
opened the channel As soon as I opened the
channel and since a year and a
half has passed a lot of things have changed and
I've changed a lot of things.
Before I had more of a style that was more
Shabby but now I've changed
a lot of things  so these are new things
so I'll let you review everything a bit
I know that many of you now know
my cuisine but there are still some
new people who maybe haven't seen
that video and so I prefer to do it again and
show you all the new features and
all the  my organization in the kitchen
So now let's start immediately then
behind the kitchen there is the
living room which still needs to be completed
However I won't show you everything
obviously because I'll stop here because
there is a new entry which you will see however in
Sunday's video so  I'll wait until
Sunday at 6pm so you can see what it's
about so behind the
kitchen there is the living room and instead of here
we have the kitchen here it is
so the brand of my kitchen is Lube
and this is the Agnese model I know there
are many  people who have the same
model I like it a lot, I feel
great about it and if I had to do it again I would do it
the same because I really am
in love with my kitchen I like it
too much it's still a quality kitchen
In fact we get along really well and we've
never had any type
problem and both when we
designed it and when, for
example, the surveyor came to take the measurements
and
everything went perfect. That is, we have
always had a good time and we have been
happy and in any case this kitchen is two
and a half years old. In fact, in July
precisely on July 2nd it will be three years old
as far as the color is concerned it is not
totally white but it is cream that
part there is three and 6 meters long
precisely instead then we also
put other wall units on this
side Here is why in any case there was
this little wall and  so we decided
to take advantage of the space and
put other wall units and above all it's
very comfortable because at least I have
the whole worktop here to
put things on. Just don't work and
knead I use it a lot and it's
very very comfortable However this part
here  it is one and a half meters long. As
you can see, here is the little wall I was telling you about.
So we decided to
use this space and here we
placed the table with the chairs.
As for the top, you often ask me
what material it is made of.
we chose the top in quartz, it is really very
comfortable, easy to wash and very
very smooth, aesthetically beautiful because
it is quite shiny. And in any case, if you
have to design the kitchen and I know that
quartz costs a little more but I
absolutely recommend it because at least  it
will last you over time because it is quality anyway
you pay for it but at least then Don't
worry with the laminate we had
a bad experience in the other house
before we moved so this has been
our house for two and a half years now and
we lived in another  but
we were renting the house and in the kitchen
that was there there was a laminate top and
we had a lot of problems
because
in the part of the sink where
the water was, everything had come loose and had
risen, in short it was a  mess had
formed those bubbles and in short it was
all ruined because
laminate is a little bit cheaper
whereas with quartz you are really
on the safe side. As for the
tiles I'll show you they are like this. We
got these from Iperceramica
but they are quite large  I
liked them like that and I must say that I didn't
regret it, they are very easy to clean,
I like them very much, come on. And these
girls here my husband and his
colleague were with when we did the work
before. There were the old ones, they
had to remove the old ones.
paint the back Obviously before
putting in the kitchen and then
they put these But we decided
to only put the strip in the
center so up to this point
we didn't want to do the walls too, for example
As it was done before Now
it's more customary to have just a small
Strip in the center and that's it without
filling too much In fact here We
finished here Where exactly the
kitchen ends and we didn't continue for
example up to the window because I didn't
like it at all here and then I'll show you
the doors are not totally smooth but
are worked as well as you can  see
these here are the handles
As for the appliances,
the oven, the dishwasher,
the hob and the sink are
from the Franke brand and we are happy with it so far
the oven works very well we
have never had any problems we didn't
know this brand but we
trusted it and for  now we get along very
well anyway Let's start from this side
so I can show you everything So as I
told you before Here are the three
wall units and on this side we wanted to put
these two shelves here in the first
shelf I went to put a
plant with the usual saucer of  Ikea
is a The coasters are from Ikea and
I use them for many things then here
are these two jars which are
the same in this one I went to
put the clothespins now I'll show you
the clothespins for closing the packages i.e. the
packages which perhaps remain open
not  I know maybe a pack of biscuits or
something else and I took these here they are
small and they are made of wood very very
cute and I put them here to make
the most of the space let's say everything
let's try to make good use of it instead in
this other shelf still in the
little jar there's nothing special I mean
there's nothing and here I went to
put these two little bowls that I
got from Ikea
and there was another one that was red
but not red I really don't like it
and so  I only left these two
colors above instead on the top I
went to put these two jars
with one with brown sugar and one
with white sugar I took these two
jars from Maison du Monde
I love wood so there are a lot of
details  with with wood and I'm saying it
maybe if there are new writings new
people who will watch this video then
over here Oh well there's this jar right
now because the other day I made
orange and chocolate chip biscuits
in case I'll leave you the  recipe
down in the description because I made it
on my cooking channel and they are
really delicious for those who don't know or
a cooking channel called
Precisely a fairy tale in the kitchen in case I
leave you the link always down link in the
description If you want  take a look
then over here instead we have the
tea box where I put all my chamomile teas in short
and over here instead I
put this other little jar
where I went to put another
herbal tea I got this one from Maison
du  Monde and this here from Lidl and instead
of here we have the bottle with water
Here is the glass and here is this
little plant a real plant So many
people have told me that they have had
problems with this carafe with
this one  bottle with cork stopper,
this one is from Ikea And I honestly
have never had any problems, you told me
that you actually had problems with
odors and that is because after a while it stinks. I
honestly feel very good about it, not at
all, in fact it has a smell  very normal
and the only precaution I can tell you is
that I wash it every week and wash it
thoroughly with hot water and before
putting the cap back on I let it dry
perfectly so it shouldn't create
that humidity. Here I always leave the bottle inside.  It
's never outside It's
never In the fridge and yet honestly
I've never had any problems with odors I've
always felt very good also for
this reason I got it because in any case I've had
it for a while I've always washed it
perfectly  Um, I'm happy with it.
So I'll show you the first wall unit.
So here on the first shelf I keep
a few things like this. So here are
some containers with some
open packages. Here is this basket that I put
on the table with the bread in this
container.  'it's the yeast for making
desserts the hot chocolate the vanillin
Now I'll open it for you Because I can't open it with one hand I'll
open it for you later However
I use these risers a lot
These are the usual
Ikea risers you will surely all know I
have several scattered around the kitchen However
how  you see I still have a lot of space
behind me too so
there is still a lot of space here I have a
little jar with instant coffee and as
you can see I use jars a lot
to keep everything tidy I like it a lot I know they
take up more
space but I like it I like to keep them
I like to have everything so tidy
it is divided into the little jars
However here in this part at the
bottom as you can see Here there is another
cake stand This is the large one However
here I keep everything for making desserts in fact
there is cocoa the drops  of chocolate
oat flakes Here is the corn starch icing
sugar peanut butter In short
everything for making desserts So here is
the container so there is
hot chocolate yeast vanillin In short all
these little things so instead in these
two more wall units I made a pantry
let's say in fact I keep a lot of
containers with flour pasta and rice
legumes Here they are then for example here
we have the oil here I have the oil the
olive oil the seed oil and then the
bottle with  the vinegar there are some
legumes the flour placed in all
these containers so I got these
containers from Happy Casa and
they are really very very comfortable
capacious a kilo of flour is fine
they are made of plastic and I also placed the
pasta
behind there is more  pasta
here it is, these containers are convenient
because in any case you
can place other
containers on them, for example like this because they have
such a flat lid and therefore you
can use them, let's also say
the height, here I have the breadcrumbs the
wholemeal flour In short, a few
things  and here below I have arranged
these two splashbacks with these baskets
the pantry is not all here because
in any case we keep many things
down in the cellar we have a cellar which is
really very convenient and we will arrive in a
moment and in a few days I will show it to you
maybe  when
we arrange it because we have to arrange it
properly we have to put some shelves
and then maybe I'll show it to you we'll go and
organize it together and so let
's say we'll keep lots of supplies Today in the
cellar on this side instead we have
the window which for me is a saving grace
to have in the kitchen because  apart from the light
coming in. But as far as
maybe the smell is concerned, I mean I open it and it goes away, the
smell goes away immediately.
So it's really a lifesaver, I'm
very happy to have it and we still have to
put up the curtains so we have to
finish up a bit and then here we have  the radiator
Here is the rubbish bin I got this one
from Ikea it's quite large and
I usually keep it that is I put the
plastic and glass paper and then I go to
divide it I take it in one in an envelope and I
divide it then when I go to  throwing away the
rubbish for now I'm happy with
doing this and so I do this in the
back here instead I have this little box
where I keep the bottles with water so
when it runs out here I go in this
jug I'm going to fill it Here instead
there is this shelf  that we had taken from
Maison du Monde is very beautiful and when
I saw it he said no I have to put it
here and so at least I'm going to fill
this part a little and the door can
open perfectly if positioned
in the right way anyway  here I have
these three jars with legumes and over
here another three jars with
some spices
Here is the little plant the ivy then in
this one in the lower part this
basket from Ikea where I go to
put the fruit then in the lower part  at
the bottom I have the bag with the
potatoes and here are two containers where I keep
the coarse salt and in the other one in the
back there is the salt for the popcorn,
the really fine one, then in the
upper part we put this little shelf
to take advantage of even more  more space and
to embellish anyway So here is
everything from Ikea The shelf from IKEA the map
the jars The cutting board this bag
and in short everything from IKEA anyway I
went to put these jars in So
here is the oregano that I have to fill Here
are the sesame seeds  that I have to
buy and over here instead there are these
other seeds which are
professional seeds that I use when
I make bread and here then here in the
upper part we have this little picture
with the wooden frame now we come to
this part So here it is
the cloth and I'll show you first
what I have up here I placed
this saucer with the ladle holder with
the ladles a plan Here instead
we have the sink which a steel sink I
could also make it bigger
but honestly I didn't like
filling it I preferred to leave it  a bit of
free space to place things
then here I went to arrange two
cutting boards to embellish a bit Here there is
this plan from Ikea this spoon
rest from Zara Home which is made of silicone then
here I have these two jars with salt
and  coffee, one thing I
forgot to tell you is that we
also changed the sockets because before
there were black sockets and we
put them white. To tell the truth, we changed them
throughout the house, even in the
bedroom, we completely finished and
because they were all black But we
prefer these white ones then over here is
the hob
Now I'll show you so it's a
hob with 4 burners and in steel
I also wanted to get it with four
burners I could very well have put it at 5
because  I wanted the space like this
because then if I set it to 5 there would be three
grills to wash and honestly I'm
fine with it and even if let's say that I
don't need the fifth burner for now,
I'm fine with that  at least I have to wash
Only this and I'm fine in the
future but we were thinking that is we
were evaluating the induction hob I do
n't know we need to find out a little but
we are evaluating it Well not for now
but you never know and then here we have
this bar I went  to put
these these things here these two
ladles that I use for cooking
this colander from Ikea And this cup
that I took from home Shop Here we have the
Nespresso machine This is the
Lattissima One I like it super well we
bought it in July but  it's
really excellent, it makes both cappuccino
and coffee over here. In fact, I went
to arrange this saucer with the coffee
and which I have to fill. Okay, then these
teaspoons,
the coasters underneath the cups that
I use specifically for coffee and then there it
is  the honey over here instead we have the
roll holder always made of wood Here is
this
stand let's say so for beauty
then oh well Here are the chickpeas the beans
that I have to make this evening but it's ok you don't
mind usually I'm not here and
here I have  the citrus juicer in this one is from the
vintage Ariete and on this side there is
this little jar with some biscuits and
these two cutting boards on this side
instead we have So here is the oven
the brand is still Franke and here above the
oven we went to  put the
microwave in the microwave we got it
from Lidl and I like it very well now I've
had it for two and a half years and because I
bought it straight away and I like it a lot I
like it very well I also like it
aesthetically I went to
put it in  this jar with biscuits
and then in this container I put
my soluble ginseng that I
always make. And on this side we
have the fridge. As you can see, it's not
part of the kitchen and we didn't
want to have it built into the
kitchen because it
was  too small so we
took it apart from an LG fridge and we are
very happy with it. Usually the fridges that
come with the kitchens are always small
and so we wanted to take it
apart so I'll show you the part
above here where there are these  two
small doors there is the boiler So
this part is dedicated to the boiler
In fact
as you can see there is this empty part here
which I want to fill with something but
I couldn't put other wall units to
create continuity because since
there is the boiler I have to leave the
space if  maybe they have to work Sometimes
in short you have to leave the space
free but I'm thinking of maybe putting
some shelves with
some jars and then I'll put them Then let's continue
from here I'll show you then in the
upper part all my blenders have been arranged
there's the one for making desserts the
immersion blender In short, I have
arranged everything so there is still
some space behind it as you can see in
my kitchen now anyway little by little I
will show you There is still a lot of space
You just need to organize everything
well and because luckily I have everything in the
kitchen  I mean I don't lack anything but I have
a few things I don't really like keeping
a lot but a lot of things maybe things
that I don't use I guys am a
person who if I don't use something I
immediately throw it away Now I'll give it to someone if it
's old in case  I throw it away. But I don't
keep it in the kitchen for years and years without ever
using it. This is also why you always tell me
that I'm always let's say super
tidy. Being tidy is something that's
part of my character so I
can't do anything about it. I'm like that but it's also
because let's say  I keep just the
necessary things the things I need So
this is a way to keep everything in
order and have space I mean it's
useless to keep things If if maybe
I know not to use them I mean it's
really useless to keep them However over here we have
the scale that I use  to make
desserts obviously Oh well to weigh all
the things here we have this grater that I
got from on sim 6 the scale on
Amazon
and then here is Oh well the coffee maker Here
there are other coffee makers so then on
here obviously above the hob
we have  the hood is the most beautiful thing
in my kitchen. In my opinion I like it
too much. However it was done like this I went to
put the writing that I took from
Maison du Monde but I painted it I
painted it Tortora and then
two other little things here to  to fill a little
in this door I have all the cups
that I use as you can see
there is really a lot of space behind it
Costanza is the only one made
of glass there is a display case then on this
side we have the drainer with  all the
glasses and plates but some plates I
have over there in the showcase instead
in the last door As for the
upper part
Then arranged here at the bottom For example
these toothpicks these sticks that
I use to make the rolls In short
skewers and here I have  the toothpicks here
in the bowls here the litter that I
took last time in this
container or other bowls
always small bowls for an
aperitif let's say man then here other
bowls that I use a lot to
make my cooking videos
Here here This is the part  let's say
small bowls instead in the upper part
I have arranged all the bottles that
carafe that I always use in the summer then I will
instead show you the lower part
So here in this door I have
arranged the detergents therefore the detergents
that I need here in the kitchen anyway
So in the  at the bottom we have
this jar where I usually place
the dishwasher tablets. Here
there is this instead here I have this small
basket where I keep my sponges here I
keep this one I keep it like this so let's say
let it dry and here this basket with
the detergents then in the  next door
we have
So the undifferentiated here in this
white there is the undifferentiated and on this side and
there is the wet for now I have arranged like this
then if by chance I need perhaps
this free door Where I have the detergents
I will arrange this  part Maybe a
little better since there
are many solutions that can be
exploited with ice but for now it's fine like
this then over here we have the
dishwasher
here it is
then over here we have the three drawers
So here in the first one there are all the
cutlery
ladles In short some  little things like this there is a
bit of everything
in this other one So I have the chopping boards that
you use this one I always use it
for cutting and the little things like this
here I have the pot holders the rolling pins I have
arranged this this container where
I keep the Ikea bags there  Here are
these big ones and here are these small ones, they
fit me like this, that is, they are comfortable, I take them
straight away, then from here I keep the foil here,
the baking paper here and the foil here, I
must say that they are very, very comfortable and I've
had these ones for a long time  I had
taken from Casanova and then in this
basket I arranged the napkins then
here at the bottom we have all the pots and pans
Here they are
pots and pans
On this other side there is
this other wall unit which is quite
deep In fact it reaches up to there
but there  I put some things that I do
n't use much because it's a bit inconvenient to get there. So let's
say I put some things that
I use, that is, that I take very
little. Here is the cappuccino maker which I
no longer use. Here there is a
basket with
some utensils. Let's say some.
accessories and here are some plates for
the cakes these These are the trays
for making pizzas there is the grill
a stand another stand here is the
lid that I use for the microwave
very very useful on here instead I have
arranged  all the paper trays
Here are
both the large ones and the small ones or for
making cakes and in the lower part there
are all the
Christmas cups arranged then here there is a
yogurt maker which I use very little
here they are all  my baking trays for
the oven and over here there is the
air fryer which I don't keep in the kitchen because I do
n't like seeing it in the kitchen
but I keep it placed here and I take it in
a moment that is because it is very light I mean I do
n't use it every day  days So
this way I feel great Then here we have
this
drawer I don't know if it can be called that
However here I keep all of
my spices some of them you saw over there
where the shelf is however there
is still a lot of space as you can
see anyway I keep the things
I use for cooking Then in this one
under the oven I have all my
plastic bowls mixing bowls and here
are
colanders
these here which are the ones from Ikea and here
are the glass bowls with the
lid  so this here is the whole
kitchen here in the upper part I
went to put two plants this one is
fake from Ikea this one here instead the
pothos is a real plant and I'll also show you
the carpet We got this one
from Leroy Merlin as you  I said
many things I keep them here in the showcase
Now I'll show you maybe this
quickly So in fact Here there are
for example wine glasses
sparkling wine glasses little bowls and for example I
use these two bowls a lot
for soups other glasses others
In fact in short a little  of little things This
is my wedding favor
Now maybe I'll show you
this cake cutter
and it's all ceramic then here are
other plates that are the same as the ones
I have over there In the drainer though since they
don't fit there  the Ollio arranged
here the other rectangular plates and
in the drawers there are other things for
example we have the placemats for
breakfast for us we also use them for
lunch for dinner in the other
drawer there are all my
tea towels tablecloths for the table and
this  paper that I use when I have to
fry Here are
these these
strings let's say for tying things
here is the kitchen twine
Here are some things for making desserts
there is the piping bag And in short a few little
things and  instead In this bottom there
are all the trays for making desserts
of which I have a lot of them I really have
a lot
Here they are
in this container there are all the
biscuit cuts so this here is
my kitchen I hope you liked it
but also that you  I liked this
type of video. I really like
watching them because they give me a
lot of inspiration and ideas, so I hope I've
been useful to you. However, I'm
closing this video here now,
so I'll see you on Sunday with a
brand new video. I'll send you a big kiss if
you like.  I'll wait in the comments. Hi